 This will start as a simple rock, paper, scissors game to be played in the dev console of the webpage. I will eventually comeback to this project to incorporate it into the webpage with buttons. The goal is start and finish my first JavaScript project on my own (along with practicing git commits and messages).

 The first file /js/game.js is my first attempt to make the game without following any instructions from 'The Odin Project' page nor looking at other submissions. I had an interesting work around to have a equal random chance to pick 1/3 symbols (Although I did not test a sample size to verify). I don't believe my code is too messy, but I was certain their must be a more eloquent and concise way to code this game. I learned a lot struggling to make things work with my limited knowledge without 'peeking'. As i was adding finishing touches, I'm not quite sure what causes the page to 'start' to crash. I believe a overflow although no error comes up into console. It occurs when I run the page through a 'live' server on Visual Studio Code, but doesn't occur if I run the page through the browser normally.

 The second file ./js/game_2.js will be my second attempt after viewing other solutions to this problem and following the assignment step by step on 'The Odin Project'.
 "The Odin Project" called for having a game function call playRound() using a loop function. I could make a loop function run by rounds until a certain round is met, but I wasn't sure how to do this while also making sure there wasn't a tie. I instead had playRound() detect if a winner was reached and call gameOver() when doing so.
 I also know we will visit this project to have the game play on the webpage instead of the console.

 In the meantime my plan was to have the game played in the console but only started when a button is clicked. the prompt() command on webpage loading is incredibly annoying and requires the console already opened to experience the game correctly. I also need to change the playRound function as it does not end the game when a certain score is reached.